docs: add mc admin speedtest documentation (#375)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-cli/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-speedtest.rst

======================
``mc admin speedtest``
======================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc admin speedtest

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-admin-speedtest-desc

The :mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` command tests throughputs per host with PUT and GET operations.

:mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` is not supported on standalone MinIO deployments
or MinIO Gateway deployments.

> 

Reviewer: @Butzlabben this looks great! One minor request. We're (well, I) am not doing this very consistently, but I'd like to try including the version number in which a feature was added. It helps guide users who are confused as to why they don't see a given <thing>. You can do this like:

```suggestion

.. versionadded::

   :mc-release:`RELEASE.2021-09-02T09-21-27Z`

```
```

Reviewer: We also need to add in this section that the speedtest command only works for MinIO servers running:

```
:minio-release:`RELEASE.2021-07-30T00-02-00Z` or later.
```

.. end-mc-admin-speedtest-desc

.. admonition:: Use ``mc admin`` on MinIO Deployments Only
   :class: note

   .. include:: /includes/facts-mc-admin.rst
      :start-after: start-minio-only
      :end-before: end-minio-only

Syntax
------

:mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` has the following syntax:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc admin speedtest [FLAGS] TARGET

:mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` supports the following arguments:

.. mc-cmd:: TARGET

   *Required*

>    The :mc-cmd:`alias <mc alias>` of a configured MinIO deployment from which

Reviewer: Rather than "retrieve the diagnostic data", `mc` is running the speedtest against this MinIO deployment.

Author: If changed the description in the latest commit, this should now be fine

======================
``mc admin speedtest``
======================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc admin speedtest

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-admin-speedtest-desc

The :mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` command tests throughputs per host with PUT and GET operations.

> :mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` is not supported on standalone MinIO deployments
> or MinIO Gateway deployments and requires :minio-release:`RELEASE.2021-07-30T00-02-00Z` or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` requires a distributed MinIO deployment running  :minio-release:`RELEASE.2021-07-30T00-02-00Z` or later. :mc-cmd:`~mc admin speedtest` does not support standalone or MinIO Gateway deployments.

```

Reviewer: Minor swapping of order here so we go from 'supported' -> 'nonsupported' in flow.

.. versionadded:: `RELEASE.2021-09-02T09-21-27Z`

.. end-mc-admin-speedtest-desc

.. admonition:: Use ``mc admin`` on MinIO Deployments Only
   :class: note

   .. include:: /includes/facts-mc-admin.rst
      :start-after: start-minio-only
      :end-before: end-minio-only

Syntax
------

:mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` has the following syntax:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc admin speedtest [FLAGS] TARGET

:mc-cmd:`mc admin speedtest` supports the following arguments:

.. mc-cmd:: TARGET

   *Required*

>    The :mc-cmd:`alias <mc alias>` of a configured MinIO deployment to run the speedtest against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :mc-cmd:`alias <mc alias>` of a configured MinIO deployment to run the speedtest against.
```
